website/docs/r/mysql_readonly_instance.html.markdown, before:

---
layout: "tencentcloud"
page_title: "TencentCloud: tencentcloud_mysql_readonly_instance"
sidebar_current: "docs-tencentcloud-tencentcloud_mysql_readonly_instance"
description: |-
 Provides a mysql instance resource to create read-only database instances.
---

# tencentcloud_mysql_readonly_instance

Provides a mysql instance resource to create read-only database instances.


## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "tencentcloud_mysql_readonly_instance" "default" {
  master_instance_id = "cdb-dnqksd9f"
  instance_name ="myTestMysql"
  mem_size = 128000 
  volume_size = 255
  vpc_id = "vpc-12mt3l31"
  subnet_id = "subnet-9uivyb1g"
  intranet_port = 3306
  security_groups = ["sg-ot8eclwz"]
  tags = {
     name ="test"
  }
}

```
## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

- `master_instance_id` - (Required) Indicates the master instance ID of recovery instances. 
- `instance_name` - (Required) The name of a mysql instance.
- `mem_size` – (Required) Memory size (in MB).
- `volume_size` – (Required) Disk size (in GB).
- `vpc_id` – (Required) ID of VPC, which can be modified once every 24 hours and can’t be removed.
- `subnet_id` – (Required) Private network ID. If vpc_id is set, this value is required.
- `intranet_port` – (Optional) Public access port, rang form 1024 to 65535 and default value is 3306.
- `security_groups` – (Optional) Security groups to use.
- `tags` – (Optional) Instance tags.


## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

- `gtid` – Indicates whether GTID is enable. 0 - Not enabled; 1 - Enabled.  
- `intranet_ip` – Instance IP.
- `locked` - Indicates whether the instance is locked. 0 - No; 1 - Yes.
- `status` - Instance status. Available values: 0 - Creating; 1 - Running; 4 - Isolating; 5 – Isolated. 
- `task_status` – Indicates which kind of operations is being executed.

Commit message:

doc add notice for mysql vpc.

website/docs/r/mysql_readonly_instance.html.markdown, after:

---
layout: "tencentcloud"
page_title: "TencentCloud: tencentcloud_mysql_readonly_instance"
sidebar_current: "docs-tencentcloud-tencentcloud_mysql_readonly_instance"
description: |-
 Provides a mysql instance resource to create read-only database instances.
---

# tencentcloud_mysql_readonly_instance

Provides a mysql instance resource to create read-only database instances.

~> **NOTE:** The terminate operation of mysql does NOT take effect immediately，maybe takes for several hours. so during that time, VPCs associated with that mysql instance can't be terminated also.

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "tencentcloud_mysql_readonly_instance" "default" {
  master_instance_id = "cdb-dnqksd9f"
  instance_name ="myTestMysql"
  mem_size = 128000 
  volume_size = 255
  vpc_id = "vpc-12mt3l31"
  subnet_id = "subnet-9uivyb1g"
  intranet_port = 3306
  security_groups = ["sg-ot8eclwz"]
  tags = {
     name ="test"
  }
}

```
## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

- `master_instance_id` - (Required) Indicates the master instance ID of recovery instances. 
- `instance_name` - (Required) The name of a mysql instance.
- `mem_size` – (Required) Memory size (in MB).
- `volume_size` – (Required) Disk size (in GB).
- `vpc_id` – (Required) ID of VPC, which can be modified once every 24 hours and can’t be removed.
- `subnet_id` – (Required) Private network ID. If vpc_id is set, this value is required.
- `intranet_port` – (Optional) Public access port, rang form 1024 to 65535 and default value is 3306.
- `security_groups` – (Optional) Security groups to use.
- `tags` – (Optional) Instance tags.


## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

- `gtid` – Indicates whether GTID is enable. 0 - Not enabled; 1 - Enabled.  
- `intranet_ip` – Instance IP.
- `locked` - Indicates whether the instance is locked. 0 - No; 1 - Yes.
- `status` - Instance status. Available values: 0 - Creating; 1 - Running; 4 - Isolating; 5 – Isolated. 
- `task_status` – Indicates which kind of operations is being executed.
