website/docs/r/mysql_instance.html.markdown, before:

---
layout: "tencentcloud"
page_title: "TencentCloud: tencentcloud_mysql_instance"
sidebar_current: "docs-tencentcloud-tencentcloud_mysql_instance"
description: |-
 Provides a mysql instance resource to create master database instances.
---

# tencentcloud_mysql_instance


Provides a mysql instance resource to create master database instances.


## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "tencentcloud_mysql_instance" "default" {
  internet_service = 1
  engine_version = "5.7"
  parameters = {
    max_connections = "1000"
  }
  root_password = "********"
  slave_deploy_mode = 0
  first_slave_zone = "ap-guangzhou-4"
  second_slave_zone = "ap-guangzhou-4"
  slave_sync_mode = 1
  availability_zone = "ap-guangzhou-4"
  project_id = 201901010001
  instance_name = "myTestMysql"
  mem_size = 128000 
  volume_size = 250
  vpc_id = "vpc-12mt3l31"
  subnet_id = "subnet-9uivyb1g"
  intranet_port = 3306
  security_groups = ["sg-ot8eclwz"]
  tags = {
    name ="test"
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

- `internet_service` - (Optional) Indicates whether to enable the access to an instance from public network: 0 - No, 1 - Yes. 
- `engine_version` - (Optional) The version number of the database engine to use. Supported versions include 5.5/5.6/5.7, and default is 5.7.
- `parameters` - (Optional) List of parameters to use.
- `root_password` – (Required) Password of root account. This parameter can be specified when you purchase master instances, but it should be ignored when you purchase read-only instances or disaster recovery instances.
- `slave_deploy_mode` - (Optional) Availability zone deployment method. Available values: 0 - Single availability zone; 1 - Multiple availability zones.
- `first_slave_zone` - (Optional) Zone information about first slave instance.
- `second_slave_zone` - (Optional) Zone information about second slave instance.
- `slave_sync_mode` - (Optional) Data replication mode. 0 - Async replication; 1 - Semisync replication; 2 - Strongsync replication.
- `availability_zone` – (Optional) Indicates which availability zone will be used.
- `project_id` - (Optional) Project ID, default value is 0.
- `instance_name` - (Required) The name of a mysql instance.
- `mem_size` – (Required) Memory size (in MB).
- `volume_size` – (Required) Disk size (in GB).
- `vpc_id` – (Required) ID of VPC, which can be modified once every 24 hours and can’t be removed.
- `subnet_id` – (Required) Private network ID. If vpc_id is set, this value is required.
- `intranet_port` – (Optional) Public access port, rang form 1024 to 65535 and default value is 3306.
- `security_groups` – (Optional) Security groups to use.
- `tags` – (Optional) Instance tags.


## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

- `internet_host` – host for public access.
- `internet_port` – Access port for public access.
- `gtid` – Indicates whether GTID is enable. 0 - Not enabled; 1 - Enabled.  
- `intranet_ip` – instance intranet IP.
- `locked` - Indicates whether the instance is locked. 0 - No; 1 - Yes.
- `status` - Instance status. Available values: 0 - Creating; 1 - Running; 4 - Isolating; 5 – Isolated. 
- `task_status` – Indicates which kind of operations is being executed.

Commit message:

doc add notice for mysql vpc.

website/docs/r/mysql_instance.html.markdown, after:

---
layout: "tencentcloud"
page_title: "TencentCloud: tencentcloud_mysql_instance"
sidebar_current: "docs-tencentcloud-tencentcloud_mysql_instance"
description: |-
 Provides a mysql instance resource to create master database instances.
---

# tencentcloud_mysql_instance


Provides a mysql instance resource to create master database instances.

~> **NOTE:** The terminate operation of mysql does NOT take effect immediately，maybe takes for several hours. so during that time, VPCs associated with that mysql instance can't be terminated also.

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "tencentcloud_mysql_instance" "default" {
  internet_service = 1
  engine_version = "5.7"
  parameters = {
    max_connections = "1000"
  }
  root_password = "********"
  slave_deploy_mode = 0
  first_slave_zone = "ap-guangzhou-4"
  second_slave_zone = "ap-guangzhou-4"
  slave_sync_mode = 1
  availability_zone = "ap-guangzhou-4"
  project_id = 201901010001
  instance_name = "myTestMysql"
  mem_size = 128000 
  volume_size = 250
  vpc_id = "vpc-12mt3l31"
  subnet_id = "subnet-9uivyb1g"
  intranet_port = 3306
  security_groups = ["sg-ot8eclwz"]
  tags = {
    name ="test"
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

- `internet_service` - (Optional) Indicates whether to enable the access to an instance from public network: 0 - No, 1 - Yes. 
- `engine_version` - (Optional) The version number of the database engine to use. Supported versions include 5.5/5.6/5.7, and default is 5.7.
- `parameters` - (Optional) List of parameters to use.
- `root_password` – (Required) Password of root account. This parameter can be specified when you purchase master instances, but it should be ignored when you purchase read-only instances or disaster recovery instances.
- `slave_deploy_mode` - (Optional) Availability zone deployment method. Available values: 0 - Single availability zone; 1 - Multiple availability zones.
- `first_slave_zone` - (Optional) Zone information about first slave instance.
- `second_slave_zone` - (Optional) Zone information about second slave instance.
- `slave_sync_mode` - (Optional) Data replication mode. 0 - Async replication; 1 - Semisync replication; 2 - Strongsync replication.
- `availability_zone` – (Optional) Indicates which availability zone will be used.
- `project_id` - (Optional) Project ID, default value is 0.
- `instance_name` - (Required) The name of a mysql instance.
- `mem_size` – (Required) Memory size (in MB).
- `volume_size` – (Required) Disk size (in GB).
- `vpc_id` – (Required) ID of VPC, which can be modified once every 24 hours and can’t be removed.
- `subnet_id` – (Required) Private network ID. If vpc_id is set, this value is required.
- `intranet_port` – (Optional) Public access port, rang form 1024 to 65535 and default value is 3306.
- `security_groups` – (Optional) Security groups to use.
- `tags` – (Optional) Instance tags.


## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

- `internet_host` – host for public access.
- `internet_port` – Access port for public access.
- `gtid` – Indicates whether GTID is enable. 0 - Not enabled; 1 - Enabled.  
- `intranet_ip` – instance intranet IP.
- `locked` - Indicates whether the instance is locked. 0 - No; 1 - Yes.
- `status` - Instance status. Available values: 0 - Creating; 1 - Running; 4 - Isolating; 5 – Isolated. 
- `task_status` – Indicates which kind of operations is being executed.
